feat: algokit tasks - 1.6.0 release (#334)
algorandfoundation/algokit-cli: docs/features/tasks.md

# AlgoKit Tasks

AlgoKit Tasks are a collection of handy tasks that can be used to perform various operations on Algorand blockchain.

## Features

- [Wallet Aliasing](./tasks/wallet.md) - Manage your Algorand addresses and accounts effortlessly with the AlgoKit Wallet feature. This feature allows you to create short aliases for your addresses and accounts on AlgoKit CLI.

> - [Vanity Address Generation](./tasks/vanity.md) - Generate vanity addresses for your Algorand accounts with the AlgoKit Vanity feature. This feature allows you to generate Algorand addresses with a custom prefix of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Vanity Address Generation](./tasks/vanity.md) - Generate vanity addresses for your Algorand accounts with the AlgoKit Vanity feature. This feature allows you to generate Algorand addresses which contains a specific keyword of your choice.
```
